RHIDP-3728 [Docs] Document Deployment customization configuration for Operator (#496)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/con-rhdh-operator-deployment-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
// assembly-rhdh-operator-deployment-config

[id="con-rhdh-operator-deployment-config_{context}"]

> = {product} Operator deployment configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= {product} Deployment configuration
```

IMO, this can be confusing as it can be understood as configuring the Operator itself, which is not the case here. This is mostly about how to configure various aspects of the RHDH [Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/) (in the sense of a Kubernetes Deployment resource) that will be created by the Operator when a user [deploys RHDH](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_developer_hub/1.2/html/installing_red_hat_developer_hub_on_openshift_container_platform/assembly-install-rhdh-ocp#proc-install-rhdh-ocp-operator_assembly-install-rhdh-ocp-operator).

> Since v1alpha2 (Operator version 0.3.0), the Backstage Custom Resource Definition (CRD) contains `spec.deployment`. This allows for patching the Backstage Deployment resource with fields defined in `spec.deployment.patch`, which contains a fragment of the `apps.Deployment` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 1.3, the Red Hat Developer Hub operator exposes a new `rhdh.redhat.com/v1alpha2` API Version of its Custom Resource Definition (CRD). This CRD exposes a generic `spec.deployment.patch` field, which gives you full control over the RHDH Deployment resource. This field can be a fragment of the standard `apps.Deployment` Kubernetes object.
```

Suggestion to reword the sentence.
Also, there is no such 0.3.0 version of the downstream operator. The downstream operator follows the version of RHDH, which is 1.3.

This patching is performed by strategic merge patch using Kustomize's library.

For example, the following specification fragment will:

* Set an additional volume named `my-volume` and mount it to `/my/path` of the Backstage container.

> * Replace existed `dynamic-plugins-root` volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replace the default `dynamic-plugins-root` volume with a persistent volume claim (PVC) named `dynamic-plugins-root`
```

> * Set the CPU request for Backstage containers to 250m.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the CPU request for the Developer Hub application container to 250m.
```

> * Set the label `my=true` for the Backstage Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the label `my=true` for the Developer Hub Pod.
```

* Adds another `my-sidecar` container.

[NOTE]
====

> It is assumed that the Backstage container name as defined in the default configuration is `backstage-backend`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about merging, see [Strategic Merge Patch](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-api-machinery/strategic-merge-patch.md#basic-patch-format).
```

`backstage-backend` is the name of the RHDH container in the operator default configuration, and it won't change in most cases. I am not sure this needs to be stated here. Instead, I am proposing a note to learn more about how the merging is done, as this can provide additional context and examples.
